add doc for new delete option ignoreStoreReadErrorWithClusterBreakingPotential (#48463)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/allow-unsafe-malformed-object-deletion.md

---
title: AllowUnsafeMalformedObjectDeletion
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.32"
---

> Enables the cluster operator to identify corrupt resource(s), and introduces a new delete option 'ignoreStoreReadErrorWithClusterBreakingPotential' that enables the user to perform unsafe and force delete of such corrupt resource(s) using the Kubernetes API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable API support for the `ignoreStoreReadErrorWithClusterBreakingPotential` option to
**delete** operations. If you have corrupt resources persisted into the control plane, using
that delete option allows you to (unsafely) force deletion of the corrupt resource.
```
